docs: improve wildcard host note (#8634)
vitejs/vite: docs/config/server-options.md

This can be set via the CLI using `--host 0.0.0.0` or `--host`.

> ::: tip NOTE

Reviewer: Just a note that we may want to copy the additions to `preview-options.md` too.

This can be set via the CLI using `--host 0.0.0.0` or `--host`.

::: tip NOTE

There are cases when other servers might respond instead of Vite.

> The first case is when `localhost` is used. Node.js below v17 reorders the result of resolved address by default. This means the resolved address might differ from the original result from DNS. When accessing `localhost`, browsers use DNS to resolve the address and that address might differ from the address which Vite is listening.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The first case is when `localhost` is used. Node.js below v17 reorders the result of DNS-resolved address by default. When accessing `localhost`, browsers use DNS to resolve the address and that address might differ from the address which Vite is listening.
```

Wondering if this may be shorter while still being clear.

> You could set [`dns.setDefaultResultOrder('verbatim')`](https://nodejs.org/docs/latest-v18.x/api/dns.html#dnssetdefaultresultorderorder) to disable the reordering behavior. Or you could set `server.host` to `127.0.0.1` explicitly.

Author: Maybe we could simplify this section if #8647 is merged.

Reviewer: I think it may still be helpful to explain this with #8647 merged. Others may wonder how `localhost` isn't printed and we have an answer here.

```js
// vite.config.js
import { defineConfig } from 'vite'
import dns from 'dns'

dns.setDefaultResultOrder('verbatim')

export default defineConfig({
  // omit
})
```

> The second case is when wildcard hosts (cf. `0.0.0.0`) is used.
> This is because servers listening on non-wildcard hosts take priority over those listening on wildcard hosts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The second case is when wildcard hosts (e.g. `0.0.0.0`) is used. This is because servers listening on non-wildcard hosts take priority over those listening on wildcard hosts.
```

I think it' ll be consistent if we keep markdown paragraphs in one line.

I'm also wondering if we should use `e.g.` instead following the rest of the docs. I've actually never seen `cf.` in the wild before 😅

Author: Yes, it's `e.g.`... (`cf.` is like "refer")
